## Vision Statement
Pantri Pad is all about creating a place for anybody to discover and share recipes while improving their cooking skills. Pantri Pad offers a digital cookbook to work alongside and enhance the cooking abilities of the user. A sense of community is created through the ability to share user recipes, review the recipes of others, and discover new recipes. Being digital, Pantri Pad will keep track of an up to date pantry, allowing users to store and update their ingredients. The user will be able to see recipes that contain ingredients in their pantry, as well as add missing ingredients to their grocery list for easier shopping.

Pantri Pad allows for in depth recipe customization, creation, and storage. By creating a virtual pantry, the app will be able to find recipes that the user can currently make. Pantri Pad also allows for recipe discovery, allowing users to find new and exciting recipes created by the community. By allowing the community to add new recipes, the database is always growing and changing. A difficulty rating will allow users to know at a glance how difficult a recipe is, while comments and reviews will provide valuable feedback for both the creator and others who want to attempt the dish. Users will also be able to edit existing recipes to add their own unique style or flavours.

From aspiring chefs to proficient cooks, anyone wanting to improve is encouraged to share their recipes and learn with Pantri Pad. Pantri Pad will be designed with an easy to learn interface, keeping users attention on discovering recipes and cooking. Pantri Pad is intended to help a wide array of users, from adolescents to young adults, those with an interest in cooking are welcome.

Pantri Pad is a unique look at cookbooks, by maintaining a virtual pantry this app becomes an invaluable tool. From something easy to difficult every dish requires ingredients, Pantri Pad’s virtual pantry feature allows users to create and edit their own pantry, keeping track of the ingredients they currently have. In this way, Pantri Pad’s ingredient list will notify the user when ingredients are low, adding them to a grocery list. Pantri Pad will also allow users to create new dishes, by adding their own recipes or remixing existing ones, encouraging users to experiment in the kitchen.

This app will be defined as being successful provided it allows the user to share their own recipes, maintains a working catalogue of the user’s ingredients and recipes, and the app is easy to use, encouraging users to explore new recipes and techniques. 
